Q1.

The first line contains an integer N, denoting the total number of books.
Next, N lines contain a string that denotes "title", "author", and "genre" separated by a comma.
Note: In code stub, you get 2D array books: where the 0th column denotes the title,
      the 1st column denotes the author, and the 2nd column denotes the genre

Input:

4
The Great Gatsby,F. Scott Fitzgerald,fiction
The Diary of a Young Girl,Anne Frank,non-fiction
Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone,J.K. Rowling,children
The Catcher in the Rye,J.D. Salinger,fiction

Output:
Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone
The Great Gatsby
The Catcher in the Rye
The Diary of a Young Girl

Explanation

The sorted genre is: [children, fiction, fiction, non-fiction].


Q2.
Q. Find the GCD of the given list in such a way that by removing exactly one element and then taking the GCD will be the max

I/p
n= 3
7, 6 ,8

o/p
2

explanation: by removing 7 from the list GCD is 2 

Q3. You are given a string s as input and n queries. Each query consists of 4 space-separated values.

The first value denotes the function which will be called.
The second value denotes the start index (1 based) if required, otherwise, it would be 0.
The third value denotes the end index (1 based) if required, otherwise, it would be 0.
The fourth value will contain an integer denoting the ASCII value of a lower case alphabet character if required otherwise it would be 0.
You have to implement the following functions.

  

  function reverseString() {
    // this function will reverse the whole string
  }

  function reverseString(a, b) {
    // this function will reverse the part of string starting       from a index character to b index character.
  }
  
  function changeCharacter(a, b, c) {
  // this function will change all the character ﻿from a       postion to b position to c
  }

  function changeCharacter(a, b) {
  // this function will swap the the values of postion a and b respectively.
  ﻿}


Query mapping and function mapping are as follows.

If 1st value in query is 2, then you should call function reverseString().

If 1st value in query is 2, then you should call function reverseString(a, b).

If 1st value in query is 3, then you should call function changeCharacter(a, b).

If 1st value in query is 4, then you should call function reverseString(a, b, c).
Input Format

First-line will contain a string s.
Second-line will contain an integer n, denoting the number of queries.
Third-line will contain an integer 4. (always fixed)
The next n line will contain 4 space-separated integers each.
Constraints

1 ≤ |s| ≤ 105
0 ≤ n ≤ 103
Output Format

Return the string after processing all the above queries.
Evaluation Parameters

Sample Input
abcde
2
4
1 0 0 0
4 1 2 98
Sample Output
bbcba﻿
Explanation
﻿After 1st query, our string will be edcba.

After 2nd query, our string will be bbcba. (ASCII value of b is 98).
